---
layout:     post
title:      "Daily Reading 1"
subtitle:   "Save my poor English"
date:       2018-04-17
author:     "JM"
header-img: "img/post-bg-donkey.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - Daily Reading
    - 2018-04
---

##Disgraced former South Korean president gets 24 years in prison on corruption charges

Former South Korean president Park Geun-hye was Friday sentenced to 24 years in prison - effectively for the rest of the 66-year-old's life - after being found guilty of charges including bribery, coercion and abuse of power.

The heavy sentence completed the sensational fall from grace fot a political princess who became South Korea's first female leader, but then went on to become its first prwsident to be impeached when she was ejected from office a year ago.

In a first for South Korea, the sentancing was broadcast live on television. But Park, who continues to strongly deny any wrongdoing, has refused to attend Friday's sentencing.

"We must hold her accountable to stop such an unfortumate case from dragging the country into turmoil again," said Kim Sy-yoon, the lead judge in the case.

For many South Koreans, the starkly illustrated widespread feelintgs that the system is stacked against them and that only the rich and well-connected can get ahead.

After the sentencing ,South Korean's presidential Blue House issued a poetic statement, "Each person would have had different feelings about former President Park. However, a bleak and dry wind blew across all of us today. This is a heatbreaking incident for one person's life as well as for the country as a whole."
